fix and simplify spring starter dependencies (#4848)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/zero-code/java/spring-boot-starter/getting-started.md

([BOM](https://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-dependency-mechanism.html#bill-of-materials-bom-poms))
ensures that versions of dependencies (including transitive ones) are aligned.

> Importing the `opentelemetry-instrumentation-bom` BOM when using the
> OpenTelemetry starter is important to ensure version alignment across all
> OpenTelemetry dependencies.

Reviewer: I know this was legacy language, but I think we can make it clearer.

```suggestion
To ensure version alignment across all OpenTelemetry dependencies, you must import 
the `opentelemetry-instrumentation-bom` BOM when using the OpenTelemetry starter.
```

```xml
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>

>         <dependency>

Author: while we're checking if this is needed, I've extracted https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/pull/4849
